Heads-Up: If you see improvements or typos or whatever, you can immediatly correct it, it's all here

Table of Content:

Abstract

Problem

Solution Pillar One Personal: Knowledge Libraries (PKL)

Solution Pillar Two: Time-Stamped Content Evolution Graphs

Solution Pillar Three: The Wire-Box or Augmented Argumentation via Agent Interactions (most mature pillar of the listed
ones -> see business model & Why)

Why All of that?

Summary

References

Abstract:

Video

Demo

Let's enumerate in one section what this is all about (yes, we do repeat Personal Knowledge Library (PKL) definition on
purpose):

Overarching Goal ::

A social-network consisting of Knowledge Graphs in the form of Personal Knowledge Libraries (PKL)

For all Techies ::

Please consider this as first attempt to make loading packges of other peoples life-lessons as seamless as doing:

import operator.matrix.tank.B212Helicopter import B212Helicopter

For all Geeks ::

""... first attempt to make Dumbledore's Pensieve ""

For the non-technical/ geek ::

The vision is as vivid as reality itself: a platform where people can share their knowledge as knoweldge graphs, journey
through these universes, and engage with modular agents that embody and discuss the clusters of the universes the user
has selected. By a versioned way, we want to enable the user to understand and reconsider choices in their context and
transcendent the dimension of time.

Public Section of Personal Knowledge Library (PKL) as a way to build up knowledge adhering to "standing on the shoulders
of giants"

Git-Approach to Personal Knowledge Library (PKL) adheres to "cross-validation" principles, by forking out, reassesing
and making a pull-request/ merge back in the original Personal Knowledge Library (PKL)

By visualizing the intellectual trajectories of thought and discovery in the Public Section of the Personal Knowledge
Library (PKL), we enable some kind of "reproducibility"

Use The Wire-Box [link] or Augmented Argumentation via Agent Interactions to encapsulate expert knowledge and an
infinite universe of further options (yes, Agnets via gpt too and as soon the assistants are out of beta, also
assistants)

Plot and re-use a flawed reward system

The Problem:

Today's "infinite scroll"/"slot-machine"⁰ presents content—whether posts, images, or videos—in a seemingly endless,
disconnected stream. This disconnect impedes users from delving into interconnected topics, depriving them of a cohesive
understanding. Furthermore most of these platforms and even more scientific ones e.g. nature journal, are triggered by
the rewards of quick wins & news coverage¹. Such superficial and short-lived scrolling news contrasts sharply with
Knowledge Graphs, where interconnected pathways usher users to deeper insights² and to track the history & performance
of news-commits (think of "from-event-to-release" and "interaction" KPIs as cross-validation approaches what the
news-commit is aimed
at [identify targeting patterns (e.g. gossip protocol behaviours etc.) -- reusing the flawed reward system]).

Solution Pillars:

Personal Knowledge Libraries (PKL)

Example: Imagine Instagram's chronological photo feed, but instead of photos, you have nodes representing key thoughts,
ideas, or memories. Or consider LinkedIn , where connections don't just represent professional relationships, but
conceptual links between ideas. In essence, PKL isn’t just another social media platform—it's a fusion that amalgamates
the essence of Instagram's visual storytelling, Twitter's/ X's bite-sized thoughts, LinkedIn's professional sharing, and
even Tinder's interactive engagement, all aimed at charting the growth of a person's intellectual journey³. But NOT
based on scrolling and swiping thus enhancing our endorphin and dopamin roller coaster but consisting of wandering or
rather strolling in a considered manner the graph-edges.

Immediate Goals (Funding Target: ~0.5 Mio or Open Source (OS) Community can be build up):

One immediate goal is to design a platform for knowledge graph generation based on the API layer of the above-mentioned
existing 'social-networks' platforms. This platform will consist of modules for 'Time-Stamped Content Evolution Graphs'
and 'Augmented Argumentation via Agent Interactions' (as described below). Additionally, Users must have the ability to
export their content from the respective platform, following the REST standards. For all non-techies: That's like the
infrastructure, the roads and the traffic lights in the WWW. Now we need those roads to be traversable and we need to
get the green light in order to GET the goods into "Beacon of Git". This step means that we need to assess the
respective 'social-network' APIs and if the users can't get their content without having partner status or paying for it
etc. to push for a solution (needs to be assessed in depth).
The parallel step would be to pull up the entire architecture and infrastructure for the knowledge libraries. Mind here,
in the first instance we're not proposing to rebuild youtube, but to work with video embeddings, same way as you
wouldn't publish a video on github. Or we don't even need a own infrastrcuture but just put another layer over github so
it's easy and intuative for users (open for discussion).

The next step involves displaying to the user the content/knowledge they have accumulated so far in the consolidated
Personal Knowledge Library (PKL), based on graph analysis (DFS, degrees, etc.). Subsequently, users will have the
opportunity to collaborate with the community, bridging what was previously segregated across 'social-networks'
platforms and addressing the shortcomings of the existing formats and reward system.

Future Vision (Funding Target: ~3 Mio or OS Community can be build up):

Pair PKL with virtual reality. Visualize a personal 3D knowledge universe weaving an immersive narrative of evolving
thoughts. Like navigating a cerebral museum, every node and connection breathes life into the intellectual universe⁴ and
could help others on similar problems and stages of life.

Imagine sth like of Andrei Kashcha

2. Time-Stamped Content Evolution Graphs:

Example: Both A Dangerous Game⁶ and Arrival⁷ challenge conventional understandings of time as a fixed, linear
progression. Whereas Dürrenmatt explores the re-evaluation of past events as a means of interrogating the present,
Arrival presents a narrative in which the future can be perceived and interacted with in the present moment. These works
collectively suggest a more fluid, interconnected conception of time, which in turn invites a re-evaluation of our own
understandings and experiences of temporality. So let's imagine Dürrenmatt would have known git-versioning, consider how
the group of elderly men in his novel could just have used git bisect to find where the events of the past have gone
wrong and have led us where we are now. And now lets take our reality and think of politicians’ promises and speeches
and how they shift with context and audience, or how 'Fake News' muddies our information streams. The challenges of
discerning fact from fiction and tracing the evolution of statements becomes daunting⁸ and the reason for the second
pillar of this proposal.

Enter our git-versioned¹⁶ content graph universe. Instead of scrutinizing right from wrong, this system records '
commits'—versions of content from specific sources at specified times. Users can trace the evolution of narratives, spot
inconsistencies, or recognize recurring patterns⁹ (e.g. targeting patterns like mentioned in the intro). Want a deeper
dive? Fork a branch, revisit a statement’s version, and layer it with your insights or perspectives into your PKL or
cluster it into an agent-pool (see below).

You see just how fluid time and how interesting problem isolating and solving can become, if only done in a versioned,
structured and methodic manner? No more daunting information overflow, just another path in a graph/ just another branch
in a repo. Hence the name: It's not only a Beacon of Hope, but it's a Beacon of Git.

Current Status: MVP in Development.

3. The Wire-Box or Augmented Argumentation via Agent Interactions:

Following our git-versioned content graphs, visualize a box of wires, akin to the neural connections in our brain. These
are the edges, the links, the pathways of thoughts users can customize¹⁰. Users can segment their thought processes,
encapsulate them within agents, and interlink them¹¹. For instance, if you've been tracking a politician's statements on
climate change, you could have an agent encapsulating all related environmental data, another with socio-economic
implications, and another with global political reactions.

These agents, then, aren't just isolated data points—they're interconnected facets of your understanding. They can
interact, validate, or even challenge each other based on the connections you've made, mimicking the internal dialogues
we often have when trying to understand complex topics.

Current Status: MVP Available [here](link to MVP).

Wire-it Ben! ¹⁴

3.1 Why the Wire-Box

We could say we designed the Wire-Box because we had a dream that non-technical people could use the power of
graph-based agent behavior too and also bridge the way to message protocol simulation based on
human-agents-interactions. But that would be just a part of it. We created it because we want to mine expert knowledge.
For example experts of in psychology, in creativity, in physics, in chemistry, in medicine, in any kind of expertise
field. But the point is, if those experts don't know how to use custom instruction or how to layer agents and if they
don't have any idea how to use graphs at all in the connection with agents, then we are missing an opportunity. The
opportunity to uncover the traces that those expert fields left in the language corpus that GPT uses. Now if the experts
manage to unlock this knowledge in a meaningful way, we're at this goal of the Wire-Box. So we would suggest that all
these experts put themselves in the position of seeing themselves as keys. They are for me, for us, for the society, the
keys to unlock the right kind of wiring between the agents, the right kind of layering of the agents in order to get a
robust, reliable, reproducible outcome. So this is our true reason for the Wire-Box.

Heads-Up: We wrote this part of the proposal 02.11.2023 and only just realised that this is partly the Vision of
OpenAI (or what is kown until now 00:31:40). However, what OpenAI is missing is the Graph-Approach to Agent
communication thus the users can't layer the agents in an intuitive way like with the vis.js lib what we propose ¹⁵.

3.2 Business-Model for Sub-Module Wire-Box

The following business-model is in line with the Revenue-Sharing OpenAI (same reference as above) is teasing, just that
our approach would also focus on integrating OS llms with the ability of agent behaviour so as to give the user a chance
for assesing which agents of which llms are best for the use case (different attention heads etc.).

Business-Model

Description:

Agent/Agent Pool Creation: Users (U) initiate the process by creating agents or agent pools based on their (expert)
knowledge.

Saving to Database: Once an agent or agent pool is created, the System (S) saves this information in a Database (DB).
This step ensures that all agent data and configurations are securely stored and managed (sorry for the MVP it's a save
to a DWH because of cost implications).

Deployment and Layering: Users have the ability to deploy, redeploy, or layer their agents. This means they can initiate
the agent, make modifications, or combine it with other agents or pools to enhance its capabilities or efficiency. (Not
in MVP)

Status Update and Validation: As agents are deployed or modified, the System updates their status in the Database.
Concurrently, there's an ongoing validation process where the System continually validates and optimizes the connections
and interactions between agents. This loop represents the process of continuous improvement and optimization of the
agents. (Not in MVP)

Renting Out Robust Agents: Once agents are deemed robust and efficient through the validation process, the System (
representing the Company, C) rents them out. This implies that other entities or customers can use these well-developed
agents, likely for a fee. (Not in MVP)

Maintenance and Experimentation: While the Company is responsible for the maintenance of these agents, ensuring they run
smoothly and effectively, Users are given the opportunity to experiment with these agents in a sandbox environment. This
environment allows Users to test and experiment without affecting the live, operational versions of the agents.

Feedback Loop with Experts: Experts (E), who might be more advanced users or specialists in the field, use these agents
and provide feedback and suggestions for improvements to the System. This feedback is crucial for the ongoing
development and refinement of the agents. (Not in MVP)

Why all of that:

The game design of Hideo Kojima's Death Stranding, Kojima Productions, recognizes the profound significance of human
connections⁵. This brought us to write the proposal. In a world characterized by isolation, the game symbolizes the deep
human need to establish and nurture connections (in a healthy way, not the flawed systems we're deriving endorphin and
dopamin from like Instagram / X / YouTube / Tinder / LinkedIn). Similarly, PKL seeks to create bridges between isolated
knowledge nodes, facilitating intellectual interactions and growth (if you don't know the game, check out 00:22:14 - 00:
24:56 && 00:26:59 - 00:28:13 in order to understand the reward system). This paired with the gaining speed of the usage
of knowledge graphs and the crumbeling of language barriers (we do mean all kind of languages, as we can now use LLMs to
translate not only words but meaning), makes the time feel as right as it could be to submit this proposal to the WWW.
See here for more on the normative perspective.

In Sum:

Our endeavor is not merely to refine the digital landscape (cheers to Chamath Palihapitiya, Social Capital) but to
transform it into a bastion of deep, systematic exploration. By championing principles such as "standing on the
shoulders of giants"  we acknowledge the cumulative, interconnected nature of understanding. Through "cross-validation"
which is inherent in the git-system, we embrace the rigorous scrutiny of ideas, mirroring the peer-review process that
bolsters insight. Most crucially, by championing "reproducibility" we want to ensure that the path to insight—each node
and edge of connection—is not only transparent but navigable by others — in the spirit of "Understanding instead of
judging" ("Comprendre au lieu du juger")¹² — it is our conviction that by visualizing the intellectual trajectories of
thought and discovery, we empower others to follow¹³, comprehend, and expand upon them. Every participant is both a
learner and a contributor, each personal library a chapter in a grander compendium of human(-agent) intellect.

With these pillars, we aspire to give an alternative to the short-lived, buzzword-heavy, scrollable, swipable
knowledge-transfer, that we're indulging in at the moment.

We rest our case with following words: "Science is more than a body of knowledge; it's a way of thinking. A way of
skeptically interrogating the universe with a fine understanding of human fallibility. If we are not able to ask
skeptical questions, to interrogate those who tell us that something is true, to be skeptical of those in authority,
then we're up for grabs for the next charlatan, political or religious, who comes ambling along. It's a thing that
Jefferson laid great stress on: It wasn't enough, he said, to enshrine some rights in a constitution or bill of rights.
The people had to be educated, and they had to practice their skepticism and education. Otherwise, we don't run the
government. The government runs us..."¹⁷

Join

If you resonate with our vision, consider giving me constructive feedback or give me a "duplicated" (please refer the
source in case there is already a solution as described above), forward this proposal, come up with an own approach,
fork my repo, use the app to layer agents. If you want to know more about the "We"/ "Us", check here.

References:

(Please excuse my misuse of the reference section to link authors and companies. In this case, the goal justifies this
unconventional approach for me. I apologize if I mistakenly added an incorrect name – names are simply not UUIDs ;P)

⁰ @Orlowski, J. (Director). (2020). The Social Dilemma [Film]. Exposure Labs; Argent Pictures; The Space Program;
Netflix.

¹ Veritasium. Derek Muller (2023, Nov 01). The Problem With Science Communication [Video].
YouTube. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czjisEGe5Cw&ab_channel=Veritasium

² Ben Shneiderman Shneiderman, B. (1996). The eyes have it: A task by data type taxonomy for information visualizations.
Proceedings IEEE Symposium on Visual Languages.

³ danah boyd Boyd, D. M., & Nicole Ellison Ellison, N. B. (2007). Social network sites: Definition, history, and
scholarship. Journal of Computer‐Mediated Communication, 13(1), 210-230.

⁴ Paul Milgram Milgram, P., & Fumio Kishino Kishino, F. (1994). A taxonomy of mixed reality visual displays. IEICE
TRANSACTIONS on Information and Systems, 77(12), 1321-1329.

⁵ Hideo Kojima Kojima, H. (2019). Death Stranding. Sony Interactive Entertainment.

⁶Dürrenmatt, F. (1956). A Dangerous Game (also known as "The Pledge"). Alfred A. Knopf.

⁷Villeneuve, D. (Director). (2016). Arrival [Film]. Note: Based on the story "Story of Your Life" by Ted Chiang.

⁸ Edson Tandoc Tandoc Jr, E. C., Zheng Wei Lim Lim, Z. W., & Richard Ling Ling, R. (2018). Defining “fake news.” Digital
Journalism, 6(2), 137-153.

⁹ Laura Dabbish Dabbish, L., Colleen Stuart Stuart, C., Jason Tsay Tsay, J., & Jim Herbsleb Herbsleb, J. (2012). Social
coding in GitHub: transparency and collaboration in an open software repository. Proceedings of the ACM 2012 conference
on Computer Supported Cooperative Work.

¹⁰ Sporns, O. (2011). Networks of the brain. MIT press.

¹¹ Stuart Russell Russell, S. J., & Norvig, P. (2010). Artificial intelligence: A modern approach. Malaysia; Pearson
Education Limited.

¹² Camus, Albert (1957). The Nobel Prize in Literature 1957. [Online; accessed 1.Apr.2020]
.URL:https://www.nobelprize.org/prizes/literature/1957/camus/25232-albert-camus-banquet-speech-1957.

¹³ Marcia Bates Bates, M. J. (2005). Information and knowledge: An evolutionary framework for information science.
Information Research, 10(4).

¹⁴ The Walt Disney Company. (2002). Treasure Planet [Film]. Walt Disney Feature Animation.

¹⁵ David Shapiro we could also model the HAAS in vis.js, or we could even go for Conway's Game of Life or we could
simulate different graph message protocols e.g. flooding or play around with other environment styles e.g. Rain World
VIDEOCULT LLC etc.

¹⁶ thanks Linus Torvalds who would never use LinkedIn I guess :D

¹⁷ Sagan, Carl (?). "Wissenschaft ist mehr als eine Anhäufung von Wissen, es ist eine Art zu denken." [Video].
Youtube.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1cNaFG1VII

¹⁸ We just couldn't leave Jeff Delaney out, he has done too much for the open source community not to mention him here

P.S. 1/2: If anybody is referenced here who doesn't want that to be, let me know, i will remove the ref.

P.S. 2/2: Now why would I put my free time in such a project and turn in into a open source project? There was never a
better answer to this than 00:36:05 - 00:44:24

